so hunter is my girlfriend coming here
to a new video and today there
it will be accompanied by music again
how long was there no music left?
You can always make a series like that with you
and I had it right again
really bum on people and if you
also bock on it in the future times
to see more cod again that's the way it is
a mix of cod in reallife then
really give this video a thumbs up
upstairs people this time it really is
important because then I see okay it comes
Good and then it will be in the near future
In any case, give more and
it would be really right blatant if we
this video again about the 400th
thumbs up like me
already no longer manages and
if you also have any youtube
knows who might join here
then you can write me the
Comments 1 remains maybe will
people to be there the next time and
before we really have too much time
I would say lose
we come directly to the video but we
have a little change for that
Unfortunately, I'm pretty deadly
I would say I have
here bananas with salt and pepper and
nutella so I guess that's not
very tasty my friends and that
I have to swallow then stop if I
I do not expect a title for the coup
would say before we take too much time
We'll go straight away with that
first title i'm a bit
tense nervous and let's go
first becomes easy
we move through the streets and the
clubs of this city
that's ours after how much we both care
I know I have to go on it is
helene fischer for the next to and
Really the title only reaches me
title
it is many for my youth
it is time
I'm not scared it will be now
just say people here say
third season
I hope I will expect otherwise
do not think so well yet
the next classic
I thought everyone knows by heart but knows
there I'm not just the brocken
title everything clear
but the nabu has the league title
can punish me in the punishment
Write comments what I think then
can not record a song
expected, and that's it for everyone
make a case and so people and that was it
This time of music per today is like this
scratchy reebok the series makes people like that
normal and such things are really up
youtube i do not believe and
That's why people definitely leave
because of course liked and so too
say people are watching the construction crane is over
a link to this description now before
click on it and subscribe
today is really correct and type
it might not be forgotten again
400 thumbs up is called
subscribe to this channel if you are
a little bit